WELCOME TO THE 182ND DAY OF OUR YEAR OF STRATEGIC VICTORIES!

It is a new month for us, but in the invisible Kingdom of Heaven, where there is no time, this does not apply. So, it is not a new month to God but just another moment in His eternal glory; a moment that is full of blessings, miracles, moves of the Spirit and amazing prophecies for us His kingdom advance agents, from the throne of God.

It is my prayer that all that can be found in God's moments in glory will hit us in the name of Jesus Christ. New months to kingdom citizens, is a time for pressing into new levels of faith using the blessings, Spirit moves and all that God's divine moments brings to us in time.

Yes, it is a time for moving from sin to sanctification, blindness to vision, laziness to spiritual diligence, ungodliness to Godliness, from where you are to where you ought to be. It is a call on the serving saints to ride on the driving force of the Kingdom of God and move from one realm of glory to another.

It is an opportunity to start afresh if you blew it last month. Do not forget, the Bible admonishes that we move from one level of grace to another, and from one level of faith to another. Few know that the Christian journey is designed to go from faith to faith, grace to grace; glory to glory until death do us part.

In other words, we are saved to be moving from a lower level of faith to a higher level of faith, a lower dimension of grace to a higher dimension of grace, a lower realm of glory to a higher realm of glory until our time on earth is over.

MOVING FROM WHERE WE GOT TO IN JUNE, TO WHERE GOD WANTS US TO BE IN JULY, IS GOD'S WILL FOR OUR LIVES.

As we say to this beautiful month "welcome," it is important to know more about our eternal destiny and the things that will help us fulfill it. Our devotional text today tells us one very important truth to consider as we begin the new month.

God penned those strong words for all generation of believers, and ours will do us well if we take it to heart. I have come to discover that every revivalist God ever used to rekindle the flames of His Holy Spirit fed from that scripture to stay on fire for the LORD all through till death.

There is therefore, something about that scripture that needs urgent attention in our generation. That is why I believe the LORD had us to have it as our devotional text today.

A major highlight in the text says, "Brethren, I do not count myself to have apprehended; but one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forward to those things which are ahead, I press toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ Jesus."

If we do not forget the things that happened yesterday – the good, the bad and the ugly – and press into what God has predetermined that it happens today, we will never unleash our divine destiny. A generation that holds on to either a past glory or a past sin, trespass, or iniquity, will never be able to finish its course in God's eternal plan for mankind!

In Christ when we fall, we get up immediately like our fathers and continue the journey in repentance. We do not take the grace of GOD for granted and continue in an evil circle of falling and rising, no! We use the grace of GOD as a catalyst for living a repentant life even after a fall.

Samson made a major mistake with his life at its peak. He turned himself into a captive in the hands of people who once dreaded him. We all blamed it on Delilah but if you take a second look at that incident, you will realize that that evil woman came into the picture when Samson got stuck to a season of failure that he refused to go away from.

HE BECAME A TRAPPED WARRIOR INSTEAD OF A MOVING ARMY.

No moving army can be captured by the enemy only trapped warriors can be captured. That is why in God's kingdom, we do not get ourselves stuck to a season of success or trapped in the pain and regrets of failure. We move on, reaching out to the next phase of God's plan for our lives.

That is what to do this month!!! It is the secret of unending strength in the LORD. Your walk with God this month will need this prophetic pressing to yield to you. You will need to use the month to press from where you are to where you ought to be, maybe using the things that may have been revealed to you last month by the LORD.

You will need to press into beautiful things that are yet to be made manifest in your life, glorious things that eyes have not seen, ears heard, or hearts conceived. You will need to press into blessings you saw with the eyes of your faith last month, or prophecies spoken into your hearts by the LORD.

Yes, you will need to make the month a month of forgetting what happened in June and pressing into what should happen in July, using the light of God's word and the revelation of His will. You will need to use the month for pressing into that beautiful thing that is yet to happen.

You will need to press into what God want to do with your life this month; moves of the Spirit He wants to break forth in your life, grace dimensions He wants to unlock and other beautiful things your life is yet to experience in Christ.

If you do not press into what God want to do in your life this month, the month may not be a blessing to you. The pattern of moving into the new by pressing into things you are yet to see in your life must be embraced.

After doing one thing with you, for you, or through you, God would want to do another, so do not get stuck to a peril that happened to you in June or a success you saw. Move on to something new.

THAT IS THE WORD OF THE LORD FOR JULY 2026!!! EMBRACE IT WITH THE WHOLE OF YOUR HEART.

When it comes to matters of divine destiny, miracles, blessings and life progress, understand that if there is no pressing, there will be no progress. Life is for those who forget the past and press into the future.

If they remember the past, it is to use it to unveil the future because sometimes the past contains what the future should look like. Yes, the past sometimes, carries a revelation of what the future should look like.

If the past contains sickness and death, the future should be a future of sound health, and God's kind of life. If the past is full of regrets and sinful activities, the future should be a future of walking in wisdom, revelation knowledge of scriptures, and uprightness; a future of making sure none of the things we regret doing are repeated in our lives.

If the past contains fear, the future should be a future of faith. If the past contain lack and poverty, the future should be a future of abundance, and plenty. That is the future we should walk with God to create.

The negatives of the past carry in them the revelation of a positive future to press into. In other words, what happened in the past; especially things we want to forget, sometimes contains the revelation of the beautiful things we should desire, seek in prayer, and press into.

June 2026 was a beautiful month for us in Cry of the Spirit. But it is gone and will never return. Maybe some negatives happened in your life in that month as well. But there will be no other June 2026 in human history again. It is gone never to return.

Now, take a gaze into the month of June using the light of this word. You will see what to press into in July. The negatives that happened in June tells us the positive to press into, and the positives that happened tells us the negatives to avoid, while looking for a better future.

Yes, it tells us of things we should make sure never happen to us again. Make this new month, a month of pressing into things you have never touched in GOD. Yes, a month of coming into fresh realms of faith, grace, truth, and glory.

There are fresh realms of power waiting for you this month. God want to break out in your life in ways you have never experienced before. Are you ready? If yes, then welcome to a new month!!

Amen.